Welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, We would like to introduce use cases of Knox MSP portal that shows how a managed service provider can differentiate
managed services with Samsung devices and Knox solutions through Knox MSP Portal.
The Knox Managed Service Provider (MSP) Portal empowers Knox MSPs with robust and adaptable management capabilities across
Samsung devices and Knox Solutions.
Recently, Knox Asset Intelligence and Knox Remote Support have been enabled on Knox
MSP portal.
In conclusion, Knox Managed Service Providers can make full use of Knox Suite
products and features for their customers.
Knox MSPs are able to efficiently navigate and utilize Knox Suite functionalities through Knox
MSP Portal where a smooth and frictionless  experience to manage multiple customers and products is assured.
With Knox Asset Intelligence, you can support a quality and enhanced device management service remotely.
Effective monitoring of battery performance and identification of applications that contribute to excessive battery drain are vital for ensuring
optimal device longevity and user satisfaction. By closely monitoring battery performance, you can promptly detect any potential issues and
take appropriate actions to address them. This includes identifying and managing applications that consume a significant amount of battery
power, either by optimizing their power usage or disabling them when necessary. By proactively managing battery drain concerns,
you can extend the overall battery life of devices and provide a seamless user experience, ultimately improving device
performance and user satisfaction.
Let’s get started.
Firstly, begin by logging in at partner.samsungknox.com and launch your MSP Portal by clicking ‘Knox MSP portal’ on
the left hand side.
In your Knox MSP Portal, you can enter to a KAI console of your particular customer in order to help them manage their devices.
If you can't find KAI console for your customer, you can enable it by following simple steps.
1) Click a name of you customer
2) Click "Manage account" button
3) Click a checkbox or Knox Asset Intelligence and Save button
Now go to Battery insights under the Dashboard, you will see number of general battery-related insights as miniature charts
there.
TheBattery state of healthtile shows your enrolled devices split betweenGood,Normal,
orBadstates. These states represent the overall health of each device's battery, and how much of its original charge the battery can hold.
Good means 75% & above, Normal means 55 to 75% and Bad means 55% & lower. Hover over a chart segment to see the devices in that
category and the overall percentage of the fleet or group it covers.
If needed, you can find specific data by
selecting the time frame e.g. last 30 or 60 days etc. Also, you can group devices to track only specific group of devices.
Now go to Apps insights under the Dashboard, you will see number of general apps-related insights as miniature charts there.
The Apps with highest battery consumptiontile shows the top five apps that consume the most battery on average, per
device and per day.
Similar to battery insights, you can find specific data by selecting the time frame or specific
group of devices. Also you can select managed or unmanaged apps you want to see.
You can specify the managed & unmanaged
apps by going into dashboard setting & managed apps tab.
If you as a Managed Service Provider need to directly look into an issue on customer’s device by remotely accessing to the device,
you can use Knox Remote Support.
Managed Service providers can not only pre-install a Knox Remote Support agent on device
through EMM, but also send an SMS to the device user to start remote support after you get the agreement of the user.
After Knox Remote Support is activated, Managed Service providers can look at the device screen and capture and transfer it, to
further analyze and resolve issues.
When you find battery issues on few of your customer' devices you may need to instantly inform that they need to get their devices or
batteries swapped.
You can make use of “push notification” device command from Knox Manage console to inform
the user.
You can do this by going into Knox manage console, find the user of the device, click on it
then press 'device command' button. Now click on 'push notification' command, fill in the message you want to send and press 'ok'.
And with that, we have reached the end of our video on leveraging the Knox MSP Portal to unlock your business potential. Now, you have
the necessary insights to make the most of Knox solutions and Samsung devices. Take this opportunity to explore and utilize the key
features they offer, empowering your business to thrive and succeed.
For more information on Knox MSP Portal and Knox Suite, or on getting started with other Knox services, visit docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!